hey listen y'all I wanted to do
something right quick I wanted to show
you something I used to buy real quick I
used to buy this oak and whey protein
and it's from optimum nutrition it's
about 30 bucks I think it is about
thirty thirty-five dollars and it's all
it is it's protein in Oaks now I know a
lot of guys did I talk to hate drinking
oatmeal because I say it clumps up and
some guys just chug it down once again
I'm all about the taste
am I on about the I know I just like
stuff that's right I don't you know
sometimes things I do Cho get a pretty
good for the body is not very good but I
do want to talk about this this is a
coffee grinder this coffee grinder costs
me about twelve dollars you can buy from
Target
it cost me $12 you know what I mean and
basically you'll see what how much going
with it when I was a kid and I'm don't
mean you sound ignorant when I was a kid
I used to be a very unsuccessful drug
dealer and some of the things that we
used to try to make things go what's
this you know and it reaches a man
anything's strong right but what I do
now is from the know why I said that but
what I do now is I take my oatmeal
Billy I take my oatmeal I got in this
container you can see this is like maybe
a quarter cup of oatmeal I take a
quarter cup of oatmeal you see that
stick it in here okay
all right stick it in and pour it in
here okay as you can see the arrows
right this is $12 old meal cost me three
dollars in the store or two or three
dollars in the store I get it we pay
where you go take the air or idea take
it stick it right on top of it lock it
in put it in the coffee grab it cost me
$12
right take it Pat it around like so you
know what I'm saying
unlock it look at that yo look at that
you can use it for cooking you can use
this if you want to make pancakes you
want to use it to put it in your protein
shake and it may be you may get one or
two clumpy balls but this right here
this is where it's at this is what works
it's a it's a little grainy but man it
is smooth right so now you get you
protein now you got you
oatmeal powder you can put in your
pancakes you can put in your waffles you
can add it to whatever recipe you want
me like today I'm gonna be out and about
I take my pro away take my protein stick
it in there write it up in it's a little
messy in here but this don't take much
to wipe out $12 this right here was $12
$12 cost of your protein but not just
that you got he can use it for anything
so that's your boy how about you later
and peace thanks for bailing